in this video I'm going to show you how
to make a delicious red miso soup recipe
so begin with a pot of water about
one-third full and turn the heat on high
as your water is heating up go ahead and
start with your ginger with the ginger
just peel the skin now the trick here is
to great your ginger use this side which
is the VIP the almost finest side right
here and then just great your ginger
you're going to have a little fiber left
just squeeze that right into the water
here's the ginger take all your ginger
put it into the water okay the next
ingredient will be the burdock root
burdock root is very grounding and very
good for us so you simply peel it wash
the burdock root and then cut up the
burdock root cut off the ends slice it
down the middle slice it down the middle
again notice that the water is boiling
that's good let it boil cut up your brew
doc root into small pieces and add the
burdock root to the soup okay that can
boil for a moment or two next comes
daikon root daikon root is a radish and
it's also a blood purifier simply peel
it and then grate it
turn your heat on low and then go ahead
and prepare your kale just pull it off
the stem here bunch it all up and then
slice it kale is really really good for
you lots of vitamins lots of nutrients
should eat it as often as possible next
comes broccoli the next ingredient is
the almond butter i'm using a whole
foods almond butter because it's the
least expensive almond butter and ginger
are the two key ingredients to this soup
add a scoop of almond butter and you
have to stir it in the stirring in part
is very important you want it to be
dissolved into the water you should be
on either medium or low heat right now
you'll notice that the ginger and the
burdock root boiled for at least a
minute or two that's what you want okay
the almond butter is stirred in now add
all your vegetables
as it's coming back to a boil go ahead
and take some dulse seaweed and put that
into the soup I like dull seaweed the
best there are other seaweeds out there
and dulse is not the one that's popular
with miso soup however it dissolves
pretty quickly into the soup it's easy
to digest it's easy to chew and I think
it has a great flavor and it's just
starting to boil okay now we're going to
turn it on very very low and we're going
to add the miso paste so this is me so
master red miso it is my very favorite
of all me so there and I've tried quite
a few the one thing that's particularly
unique about this miso is that it in
comparison to other me sews it dissolves
pretty quickly into the soup so we're
going to add several scoops to the soup
here's what you do not want to do you do
not want to have your soup boiling while
you're adding the miso paste it will
hurt the live enzymes in the miso paste
and it will actually taste burned so i
have it on low you notice i'm adding
three scoops and I'm stirring it in it's
probably going to take four scoops this
is all about to flavor the miso paste is
what flavors the soup now since it's
really hot I'm going to turn the heat
off the heat is now off and the whole
idea right now is to get the miso paste
to dissolve into the soup which
basically means constant stirring
your soup should have a slightly brown
color to it if it's a light brown it
might be too light it might not have
enough flavor you might need to add more
miso paste to it it should have a strong
flavor when you taste it in fact i
recommend tasting your soup after you've
dissolved the miso paste into it I can
tell just by looking at it that's going
to need a little bit more miso paste I'm
going to add a little more and stir it
in just keep stirring sometimes you'll
find the miso paste in the soup and
you'll tap it up against the wall to
dissolve it let's see if I can find some
here we go so here's some miso paste see
it right there you're just going to tap
it against the wall to dissolve it in
taste your soup that's perfect okay go
ahead and serve your soup go ahead and
add some flax oil to your soup this is
barleans flax oil and it tastes really
good and I use it as a condiment has
omega-3 fatty acids in it
this miso soup is excellent that key to
making it is the ginger and the almond
butter as long as you have the ginger
and the almond butter and the miso paste
you will always come up with a great
soup no matter what other ingredients
you put into it